fix(server/pypika): Fix TO_DATE and TEXT steps TCTC-4292 (#1526)
ToucanToco/weaverbird: server/CHANGELOG.md

- PyPika: Athena translator now uses `DATE_PARSE` rather than `TIMESTAMP` for the `todate` step
- PyPika: Postgres and Redshift translator now use `TO_DATE` rather than `TIMESTAMP` for the `todate` step

> - PyPika: The `text` step now does an explicit cast of the input text to the adequate text type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- PyPika: The `text` step now does an explicit cast of the input text to the corresponding 'DATA_TYPE_MAPPING' text type
```

?

Author: Users do not care about how our variables are named
